 --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_Phase_voltages_per_switching_state_pkg
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Detect Rise Positive/Positive --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_Positive
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Detect Rise Positive --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_Detect_Rise_Positive
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Detect Rise Positive1/Positive --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_Positive_block
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Detect Rise Positive1 --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_Detect_Rise_Positive1
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Subsystem/MATLAB Function/nfp_mul_single --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_nfp_mul_single
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/nfp_add_single --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_nfp_add_single
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Subsystem/MATLAB Function/nfp_uminus_single --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_nfp_uminus_single
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Subsystem/MATLAB Function/nfp_sincos_single --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_nfp_sincos_single
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Subsystem/MATLAB Function --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_MATLAB_Function
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Subsystem/MATLAB Function1 --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_MATLAB_Function1
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Subsystem/MATLAB Function10 --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_MATLAB_Function10
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Subsystem/MATLAB Function11 --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_MATLAB_Function11
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Subsystem/MATLAB Function12 --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_MATLAB_Function12
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Subsystem/MATLAB Function13 --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_MATLAB_Function13
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Subsystem/MATLAB Function14 --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_MATLAB_Function14
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Subsystem/MATLAB Function15 --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_MATLAB_Function15
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Subsystem/MATLAB Function2 --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_MATLAB_Function2
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Subsystem/MATLAB Function3 --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_MATLAB_Function3
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Subsystem/MATLAB Function4 --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_MATLAB_Function4
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Subsystem/MATLAB Function5 --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_MATLAB_Function5
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Subsystem/MATLAB Function6 --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_MATLAB_Function6
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Subsystem/MATLAB Function7 --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_MATLAB_Function7
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Subsystem/MATLAB Function8 --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_MATLAB_Function8
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Subsystem/MATLAB Function9 --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_MATLAB_Function9
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/Subsystem --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_Subsystem
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/nfp_sub_single --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_nfp_sub_single
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/nfp_relop_single --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_nfp_relop_single
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/nfp_relop_single --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_nfp_relop_single_block
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/nfp_convert_single_to_sfix_24_En11 --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_nfp_convert_single_to_sfix_24_En11
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state/nfp_convert_sfix_24_En20_to_single --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_nfp_convert_sfix_24_En20_to_single
parallel_phase_voltages_per_switching_state_6/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state --> Parallel_phase_voltages_6Phase_src_Phase_voltages_per_switching_state
