 --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1_pkg
parallel_8_phase_voltages/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1/Detect Rise Positive/Positive --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_Positive
parallel_8_phase_voltages/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1/Detect Rise Positive --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_Detect_Rise_Positive
parallel_8_phase_voltages/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1/Detect Rise Positive1/Positive --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_Positive_block
parallel_8_phase_voltages/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1/Detect Rise Positive1 --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_Detect_Rise_Positive1
parallel_8_phase_voltages/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1/Sine HDL Optimized2 --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_Sine_HDL_Optimized2
parallel_8_phase_voltages/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1/Subsystem/MATLAB Function10/nfp_mul_single --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_nfp_mul_single
parallel_8_phase_voltages/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1/Subsystem/MATLAB Function10/nfp_add_single --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_nfp_add_single
parallel_8_phase_voltages/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1/Subsystem/MATLAB Function10/nfp_uminus_single --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_nfp_uminus_single
parallel_8_phase_voltages/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1/Subsystem/MATLAB Function10 --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_MATLAB_Function10
parallel_8_phase_voltages/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1/Subsystem/MATLAB Function11 --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_MATLAB_Function11
parallel_8_phase_voltages/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1/Subsystem/MATLAB Function12 --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_MATLAB_Function12
parallel_8_phase_voltages/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1/Subsystem/MATLAB Function13 --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_MATLAB_Function13
parallel_8_phase_voltages/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1/Subsystem/MATLAB Function14 --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_MATLAB_Function14
parallel_8_phase_voltages/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1/Subsystem/MATLAB Function15 --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_MATLAB_Function15
parallel_8_phase_voltages/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1/Subsystem/MATLAB Function8 --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_MATLAB_Function8
parallel_8_phase_voltages/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1/Subsystem/MATLAB Function9 --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_MATLAB_Function9
parallel_8_phase_voltages/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1/Subsystem --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_Subsystem
parallel_8_phase_voltages/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1/nfp_convert_sfix_16_En14_to_single --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_nfp_convert_sfix_16_En14_to_single
parallel_8_phase_voltages/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1/nfp_convert_single_to_sfix_24_En11 --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_nfp_convert_single_to_sfix_24_En11
parallel_8_phase_voltages/Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1 --> parallel_8_sim_phase_voltages_src_Phase_voltages_per_switching_state1
